---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "enos_artifactory_item Data Source - terraform-provider-enos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The enos_artifactory_item datasource is a datasource that we can use to search for items in
  artifactory. This is useful for finding build artifact URLs that we can install on targets for testing.
  The datasource will return URLs to all matching items. The more specific your search criteria, the
  fewer results you'll receive.
  Note: the underlying implementation uses AQL to search for artifacts and uses the $match operator
  for every criteria. This means that you can use wildcards * for any field. See the AQL developer guide https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Artifactory+Query+Language for more information.
---

# enos_artifactory_item (Data Source)

The `enos_artifactory_item` datasource is a datasource that we can use to search for items in
artifactory. This is useful for finding build artifact URLs that we can install on targets for testing.
The datasource will return URLs to all matching items. The more specific your search criteria, the
fewer results you'll receive.

Note: the underlying implementation uses AQL to search for artifacts and uses the `$match` operator
for every criteria. This means that you can use wildcards `*` for any field. See the [AQL developer guide](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Artifactory+Query+Language) for more information.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The Artifactory API host. It should be the fully qualified base URL
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The Artifactory API token. You can sign into Artifactory and generate one.
- `username` (String) The Artifactory API user name. Depending on your login scheme this is likely an email address

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the artifact that you're looking for
- `path` (String) The sub-path inside the Artifactory repository to search in
- `properties` (Map of String) A map of properties to match on
- `repo` (String) The Artifactory repository you want to search in

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The datasource identifier is always static
- `results` (List of Object) - ^results.name^ (String) The item name
- ^results.type^ (String) The item type
- ^results.url^ (String) The fully qualified URL to the item
- ^results.sha256^ (String) The SHA256 sum of the item
- ^results.size^ (String) The size of the item (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `sha256` (String)
- `size` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `url` (String)
