---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "enos_host_info Resource - terraform-provider-enos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The enos_host_info resource can be used to determine information about a target host. While it is intended
  to be used against SSH targets, if the required utilities are present in a container other transports ought
  to work as well.
---

# enos_host_info (Resource)

The `enos_host_info` resource can be used to determine information about a target host. While it is intended
to be used against SSH targets, if the required utilities are present in a container other transports ought
to work as well.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `transport` (Dynamic) - `transport.ssh` (Object) the ssh transport configuration
- `transport.ssh.user` (String) the ssh login user|string
- `transport.ssh.host` (String) the remote host to access
- `transport.ssh.private_key` (String) the private key as a string
- `transport.ssh.private_key_path` (String) the path to a private key file
- `transport.ssh.passphrase` (String) a passphrase if the private key requires one
- `transport.ssh.passphrase_path` (String) a path to a file with the passphrase for the private key

### Read-Only

- `arch` (String) The machine architecture of the target. Equivalent of uname -m
- `distro` (String) The software distribution of the target. Equivalent of /etc/os-release or lsb_release
- `distro_version` (String) The software distribution version of the target. Equivalent of /etc/os-release or lsb_release
- `hostname` (String) The local hostname of the target. Equivalent of uname -n
- `id` (String) The resource identifier is always static
- `pid1` (String) The process manager of the target. Equivalent of ps -p 1 -c -o command=
- `platform` (String) The platform of the target. Equivalent of uname -s
- `platform_version` (String) The platform version of the target. Equivalent of uname -r
